[comment]: <>  (# bio)

I was born in Bethesda, MD, and grew up in the circumference of a hadron
collider in Switzerland, in a valley between the Jura and the Alps.

I graduated from the University of Southern California in 2015 with Bachelor's
degrees in physics and math. 
I completed my doctoral studies at Princeton's Department of Astrophysical
Sciences in 2021, advised by [Josh
Winn](https://scholar.princeton.edu/jwinn/home).
I continued my research as a [51 Pegasi
b](https://www.hsfoundation.org/fellow/luke-bouma-ph-d-candidate/) fellow at
Caltech from 2021 to 2024, and I have recently begun a new position as a
postdoctoral fellow at the Carnegie Observatories, also in Pasadena,
California. 

[comment]: <>  (
I graduated from the University of Southern California in 2015 with Bachelor's
degrees in physics and mathematics.  I began graduate work in physics at MIT
with [Josh Winn](https://scholar.princeton.edu/jwinn/home), and transferred to
Princeton to continue the same.  I completed my doctoral studies at Princeton's
Department of Astrophysical Sciences in 2021.  During graduate school, I
enjoyed fruitful collaboration with the [TESS science
team](https://tess.mit.edu/team/the-tess-science-team/), as well as the
architects and executors of the [HAT Exoplanet
Surveys](https://hatsurveys.org/).  I continued my developing my research
program as a [51 Pegasi
b](https://www.hsfoundation.org/fellow/luke-bouma-ph-d-candidate/) fellow at
Caltech from 2021 to 2024, and I have recently begun a new position as a
postdoctoral fellow at the Carnegie Observatories, also in Pasadena,
California. 
)


Outside of work, I enjoy spending time with family and friends, reading, and
getting outside.

![river](/images/riv.jpg)

[comment]: <> (![itme](/images/lgb_0.jpg))

[comment]: <> (![rockclimbing](/images/IMG_2347.jpg))
[comment]: <> (![rockclimbing](/images/rock_cropped.png))
